Add tests requirements installation information (#1865)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: docs/development_testing.md

title: "Testing your code"
---

As stated in the [Style guidelines section](development_guidelines.md) all code is checked to verify the following:

- All the unit tests pass
- All code passes the checks from the linting tools

Local testing is done using [pytest](https://docs.pytest.org/) and using [pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com/) for running out linters, which has been installed as part of running `script/setup` in the [virtual environment](development_environment.mdx).

> Python tests requirements need to be installed before tests can be run. If using the VScode devcontainer, this can be achievied by using the corresponding task. See https://developers.home-assistant.io/docs/development_environment#tasks for guidance about running tasks.

Reviewer: - Please don't use bare links, link text instead.
- `Python tests requirements` -> `Python test requirements`
- `achievied` -> `achieved`

../Frenck

> Python test requirements need to be installed before tests can be run. If using the VScode devcontainer, this can be achieved by using the corresponding task. Check the [devcontainer documentation](https://developers.home-assistant.io/docs/development_environment#tasks) for guidance about running tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Python test requirements need to be installed before tests can be run. This can be achieved by using the VScode devcontainer and the corresponding task. Check the [devcontainer documentation](/docs/development_environment#tasks) for guidance about running tasks.
```
